	B O G

Bog is a word game loosely based on the game "Boggle" (r), marketed
by Parker Brothers.

The object of the game is to get more points than the computer gets,
(typically a game involves being the first to get 50 or 100 points).
Points are won by finding paths through a grid of letters that form
words.  The paths can go vertically, horizontally and diagonally but
may not use the same grid letter twice.  For example:

				  Starting in the lower left corner
	G    A    G    O          at  "Y"  and going up to "O" then
				  right to "R" and then down to "E"
	N    O    Y    X          gives the word  "yore".   All the
				  following words can also be found
	O    R    L    A
				  along  gore   long   relax  role
	Y    E    N    R          axle   lane   loon   relay  royal
				  gang   loan   lore   rely   yarn

The minimum word length is usually taken to be the board size; i.e. on a
4 by 4 board words must be at least 4 letters long.  For each four letter
word one point is scored, 2 points are scored for five letter words, three
for six letter words, etc.  If the board size were 5 by 5 then five letter
words would score 1 point, etc.

There is a time limit for finding words, usually 3 minutes.

After the computer displays the board there is a pause followed by the cursor
moving to the upper left corner of the screen for you to enter the words you
find.  When the time limit is up or when you enter a blank line to indicate
that you can't find any more words the computer will show the words that it
found and wait for another carriage return before showing the scoring.

After the scoring has been done the computer waits with the cursor in the
lower right hand cormer of the screen for another carriage return to signal
that you are ready for another round.

Many parameters can be varied either at the time you run the program
initially or between rounds.  The command syntax is:
    % bog [-dFILE] [-w#] [-s#] [-t#]
-dFILE	means use the file "FILE" as the dictionary.
-w#	means require words to have a minimum of # letters.
-s3	means use a # by # board.
-t#	means set the time limit to # seconds.

For example:    % bog s5 l4
This means: use a 5 by 5 board but only require words to be four letters long.

When the computer is waiting for a carriage return to start the next round
you can change parameters by entering things like "l3", "s5", etc., or you
can end the game by typing control D.  You can also end the game at any
time by typing your interrupt character (usually <DEL> or ^C).
