Bootstrap code for VAXes lives here.

The goal on any type of VAX: somehow load the secondary boot program `boot' into
memory, and get it to load /unix.

On the VAX-11/780 and 785, the console BOOT command executes a command file
according to its arguments: B SDF invokes SDFBOO.CMD from the floppy; B
without args calls DEFBOO.CMD.  For Unix, the command file typically does
anything that must be done early (turning on interleaved memory, for
instance), loads a copy of `boot' from the floppy, puts boot flags in R11
and perhaps a device type in R10, and starts boot.

./floppy contains junk that should be put (verbatim) on the console floppy.
Other, site-specific junk (like the microcode appropriate to your system)
should go on the floppy too.

On the VAX-11/750, the B command causes a tiny ROM program to be called,
with parameters set from arguments: B XY3 picks a ROM named `XY' and passes
the unit number 3 in a register.  Standard ROMs read block 0 from some device
into low memory, and start it at address 0xC.  Some standard registers are
set up with things like the device unit number and the address of a driver
subroutine in the ROM, so it's possible to have a device-independent boot
block.  It's a nice setup, and nobody uses it much.  Unix boot blocks read
/boot from the root filesystem and start it.

./bb contains source to several boot blocks.  1kboot and 4kboot are device-
independent boot blocks (using the driver provided by the ROM) for 1k and 4k
filesystems; /boot doesn't know about the device-independent conventions (yet),
so ?kboot tell /boot that the system device is a UDA50 disk.  upboot is a
boot block for some kinds of SMD disk on a UNIBUS Emulex controller; hpboot
is for MASSBUS controllers.  upboot is Emulex-dependent in the way it guesses
the size of the disk; look for references to the hr register to fix that.
There are some other boots too; do what you like with them.

./stand contains the source for `boot,' and a few other standalone utilities.
Only boot is thought to work.  Boot assumes that ra disks have 4k filesystems,
that up/hp disks have 1k filesystems, and probably doesn't work with anything
else.

To set things up on an 11/780, add the contents of ./star to the console floppy.
If you have interleaved memory, de-comment the DEPOSIT lines in all the
command files first.
To set things up on an 11/750, install the appropriate boot block as block 0
of the root filesystem (which should be the first partition on unit 0), and
make sure you have a working boot ROM as well.  Copy boot to /boot.

Caveat booter.
