To get a 4014 emulator going, Say "make", and "make install".  

jek.c is the main file.

tiny.c, bigapl.c, and tinyapl.c contain the fonts as C declarations, and can
be used by an program which is willing to say "extern Font xxxx", where xxxx
is one of tinyfont, bigaplfont, and tinyaplfont.

All the remaining files (the ones with 'd' somewhere in the title) are versions
of the line drawing code for executing lines with texturing.  Only dsegment is
included, and the arguments are just like segment, with an extra Word argument
at the end.  This all works under layers/mpx.


Caveats:
	You must be running the December '82 (or later) release of mpx, since
tek uses the alarm() mechanism, and assumes that the cursor dissappears during
F_CLR mode operations.
	Intensity settings don't dim the points, but, instead, roll a 1d100 and
plot the point if the die rolls a number less than the intensity.  This is
probably undesirable in most cases, but comes as close as I can figure out to
mimicing a 4014.
	Yes, the little characters sure are tiny.  
	Write-through mode lines are done in XOR mode, and thus may not be
perfect.  The cross-hairs are done this way, too.
	Oh, yes: the no scroll key is used as an alternate method of paging
the screen.  I.e., an alternate to the button 2 menu item.  
	The timing on the XMIT light sometimes will cause the rightmost LED
to glow.  Stupid keyboard design and overutilization of the clock are at fault.
	Our 4014's have the straps set the way the program works.  If you really
want to implement page full conditions, or CR implies LF, or GIN mode sends
EOT, or whatever, go for it!  


NOTES ON THE SECOND RELEASE:

Point plot mode now uses a simple dithering algorithm which produces very good
results on the limited set of examples I have available to me.  If you prefer
the old style, that is still available; at 100% intensity, both methods coincide
if you set focused mode.

In jek.c, there is a line of code which has been commented out which may make
tek4014 work under pure 4.1bsd -- if you get prompt symbols wandering diagonally
down the page, you may want to try this.  Search for "/* THIS MAY BE OF USE".

The other changes are mostly just reorganizing, and minor bug fixes.  I expect
this release to be the final one prior to the next DMD tape.

